Updated DG, UG, AboutUS (#18)
AY2324S2-CS2103T-F13-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

Reviewer: Thanks for updating our DG 😄

### Product scope

**Target user profile**:
* Teaching Assistant for a Computer Science module in NUS 
* tech savvy 
* prefer desktop apps over other types
* can type fast
* prefers typing to mouse interactions
* is reasonably comfortable using CLI apps

> **Value proposition**: All in one Address book managing student’s progress in the course, by means of participation, grades, and other course specific attributes of an NUS CS class. Can quickly find information, filter and sort with keyboard shortcuts.

Reviewer: Let's change Address book to Contacts book? (See xiaoyun's comment here: https://github.com/AY2324S2-CS2103T-F13-1/tp/pull/17#discussion_r1505546403)

### User stories

Priorities: High (must have) - `* * *`, Medium (nice to have) - `* *`, Low (unlikely to have) - `*`

> | Priority | As a …​ | I want to …​ | So that I can…​ |

Reviewer: Great work!

| `* * *`  | TA      | view all students from my class | view details about all of them |
| `* * *`  | TA      | mark attendance for a student in my class | keep track of who's present |
| `* * *`  | TA      | unmark attendance for a student in my class | keep track of who is absent |
| `* * *`  | TA      | delete a student | remove a student if he or she leaves the class |
| `* * *`  | TA      | know all the commands of the address book | use it effectively |

*{More to be added}*

### Use cases

(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `TA Pro` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

**Use case: Delete a student**

**MSS**

1. User requests to delete a specific student based on NUSNet ID.

   Use case ends.

**Use case: Add a student**

**MSS**

1. User requests to add a student, providing the name and NUSNet ID as compulsory information, with the phone number being optional.

   Use case ends.

**Use case: Name/Rename CS Course**

**MSS**

1. User requests to name or rename a CS course by specifying the course name and the new name if applicable.

   Use case ends.

**Use case: View All Students**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to view a list of all students.

Reviewer: Beautiful work!

   Use case ends.

**Use case: Mark Attendance**

**MSS**

1. User requests to mark attendance for a student by providing the student's NUSNet ID; specifying the week is optional.

   Use case ends.

**Use case: Un-mark Attendance**

**MSS**

1. User requests to un-mark attendance for a student by providing the student's NUSNet ID; specifying the week is optional.

   Use case ends.

> **Use case: Know Commands for the Address Book**

Reviewer: With the given name change of Address Book to Contact Book, you can consider using "Contact Book" or TAPro for the other parts of the DG as well?

### User stories

Priorities: High (must have) - `* * *`, Medium (nice to have) - `* *`, Low (unlikely to have) - `*`

| Priority | As a …​ | I want to …​ | So that I can…​ |
|----------|---------|--------------|-----------------|
| `* * *`  | TA      | name/rename the CS course that I am tutoring this semester | keep track of the module I am teaching |
| `* * *`  | TA      | add a student to the CS course that I am tutoring that semester to my class | keep track of him or her |
| `* * *`  | TA      | view all students from my class | view details about all of them |
| `* * *`  | TA      | mark attendance for a student in my class | keep track of who's present |
| `* * *`  | TA      | unmark attendance for a student in my class | keep track of who is absent |
| `* * *`  | TA      | delete a student | remove a student if he or she leaves the class |
| `* * *`  | TA      | know all the commands of the address book | use it effectively |

> 

Reviewer 2: Perhaps we can add a remark in the glossary that `TA` means teaching assistant, since TA could be interpreted as something else?

*{More to be added}*

### Use cases

> (For all use cases below, the **System** is the `AddressBook` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)

Reviewer 2: Are we still calling it AddressBook or TA Pro? I think it is more appropriate if we used TA Pro here
```suggestion
(For all use cases below, the **System** is the `TA Pro` and the **Actor** is the `user`, unless specified otherwise)
```

**Use case: Delete a student**

**MSS**

> 1. User requests to delete a specific student based on nusnet id.

Reviewer 2: Can we capitalize to NUSNet ID? I think it would be better.
```suggestion
1. User requests to delete a specific student based on NUSNet ID.
```

### Non-Functional Requirements

> 1.  Should work on any _mainstream OS_ as long as it has Java `11` installed.

Reviewer: Just some nits, perhaps we can be more explicit in saying mainstream desktop OS?

2.  System to load the main interface in under 1 second on standard educational institution hardware.
3.  Application to be accessible on devices commonly used by the educational institution, such as desktop computers, laptops, and tablet.
4.  System to ensure data integrity, with a goal of zero data loss over the academic year.
5.  Input validation to prevent errors due to incorrect data entry.
6.  Application to handle common errors gracefully, such as incorrect data entry, without crashing or losing data.

*{More to be added}*

### Glossary

> * **Mainstream OS**: Windows, Linux, Unix, MacOS

Reviewer: correspondingly Mainstream Desktop OS?
